README.md, before:

# Study Time Tracker

Study Time Tracker is a web application that helps you track your study sessions and record important details such as activity, intensity, duration, and total time. It allows you to keep a log of your study sessions and provides summary statistics to help you analyze your study habits.

## Features

- Display a timer showing the elapsed time in hours, minutes, and seconds.
- Start, stop, and end session buttons to control and log study sessions.
- End session button prompts for activity name and intensity percentage.
- Creates a table below the timer to log and display study session details.
- Uses a database to store study session information.
- Delete button for each logged study session to remove sessions from the table and recalculate summary.
- Calculates and displays average intensity, average elapsed time, and total actual time in a summary row.

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Local Storage (for storing study session data)

## Getting Started

To run the Study Time Tracker web app locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone <git@github.com:scottwatanuki/studytracker.git>`
2. Open the index.html file in your web browser.
3. Use the Start, Stop, and End Session buttons to track your study time.
4. Fill in the activity name and intensity percentage when prompted and click the End Session button.
5. The study session will be logged in the table below the timer.
6. Use the Delete button to remove any study sessions from the table.
7. The summary row will display average intensity, average elapsed time, and total actual time.

## Contributing

Contributions to Study Time Tracker are welcome! If you find any bugs or want to add new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Rename project to Real Work

README.md, after:

# Real Work

Real Work is a web application that helps you track your work/study sessions and record important details such as activity, intensity, time, and what we like to call "Real Work". "Real Work" is the product of your intensity and time. It quantifies how long it would have taken you to completed the activity if you performed at your peak. Finally, this application allows you to keep a log of your work/study sessions and provides summary statistics to help you analyze your study habits.

## Features

- Display a timer showing the elapsed time in hours, minutes, and seconds.
- Start, stop, and end session buttons to control and log sessions.
- End session button prompts for activity name and intensity percentage.
- Creates a table below the timer to log and display session details.
- Modify button for each logged session to modify session details.
- Delete button for each logged session to remove sessions from the table and recalculate summary.
- Calculates and displays average intensity, total elapsed time, and total "Real Work" in a summary row.

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

## Getting Started

To use the Real Time web application, simply log onto the website at https://scottwatanuki.github.io/real-work/ or follow the instructions below to run the application locally. All sessions will be saved in your browser's local storage. Hence, if you refresh the page or close the browser, your sessions will still be saved.

1. Clone the repository: `git clone <git@github.com:scottwatanuki/studytracker.git>`
2. Open the index.html file in your web browser.
3. Use the Start, Stop, and End Session buttons to track your study time.
4. Fill in the activity name and intensity percentage when prompted and click the End Session button.
5. The study session will be logged in the table below the timer.
6. Use the Delete button to remove any study sessions from the table.
7. The summary row will display average intensity, average elapsed time, and total actual time.

## Contributing

Contributions to Real Work are welcome! If you find any bugs or want to add new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
